---
title: Task 10 ( 1st NOV 2022 )
date: 2022-11-01 08:11:39
tags: Problem of the day
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to the second week of POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Such a Great Pattern )
Dina Modrovich is the rising star of the fashion industry. She wants to cement her place in the industry by creating innovative outfits. Her latest outfit requires her to design a new pattern with 1s and 0s. She has a great idea for her pattern, her pattern consists of a parallelogram of 1s flanked by 2 triangles of 0s such that all put together form a rectangle.  

But she is not sure what must be the size of the triangles and parallelograms. Help her find the best looking pattern.

**Example**:
Size = 5
Pattern:
0 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 0

-Input Format
  - Input consists of single integer N which is the size of the figures
 
Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/contests/problem-of-the-day-week-2

All the best ✨
