---
title: Task 11 ( 2nd NOV 2022 )
date: 2022-11-02 08:11:39
tags: Problem of the day week 2
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to the second week of POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Hmm... Lets improve this! )

Dina's last project was a tremendous success thanks to your awesome work. Now she wants to enhance the same project with differently styled acessories. 
She has a new pattern in her mind and is unable to actualize it. Help her create the new pattern. The pattern consists of 4 triangles and a square.
The square is made of 1s and is of size n and two triangles of 0s of side n are placed such that the hypotenuses face down and a side is attached to the square. 
Then two more triangles of size n-1 consisting of 1s are placed such that their hypotenuses touch the hypotenuses of the other two triangles.

Example:

Size=4

0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0

1 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 1

1 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 1

1 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1

-Input Format

  -Input consists of a single integer N

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/contests/problem-of-the-day-week-2

All the best ✨
