---
title: Task 12 ( 3nd NOV 2022 )
date: 2022-11-03 08:11:39
tags: Problem of the day week 2
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to the second week of POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Hey! Where's my dad? )

Roxanne's at the fair with her dad, she saw a new ride and wanted to try it out but her father is missing. She is worried now and wants to find her dad. She remembers that the fair is in form of a straight line of stalls and rides. She and her father visited the stalls in order. She now has to visit all the stalls one by one to find her father. Help her find her father if all the stalls are numbered in random order and her father is represented by 'f'.

-Input Format
  -First line of the input consists of a single integer N indicating the number of stalls
  -Second line consists of N single spaced character and integers denoted by a[i].

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/contests/problem-of-the-day-week-2

All the best ✨
