---
title: Task 13 ( 4nd NOV 2022 )
date: 2022-11-04 08:11:39
tags: Problem of the day week 2
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to the second week of POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Hey... where's my daughter? )

Same story... Different plot... Roxanne had found her father and now are planning to return home. But she sees a ride with cute looking monsters and wants to go on it. Her father agrees saying that this will be the last ride. But little did they know that the ride has real monsters that can transport people to another dimension in the multiverse. She gets on the ride and the ride starts spinning furiously. Then all of a sudden poof... and everyone on the ride is gone. Now its upto her father to find Roxanne in the multiverse. The multiverse is represented by a double dimensional matrix . Roxanne is denoted by 'R' and the planets are denoted by any number. There are N dimensions containing M planets, Help her father find Roxanne quickly.

Input Format

First line contains 2 numbers N,M
The next N lines contains M entries corresponding to the planets in the multiverse

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/contests/problem-of-the-day-week-2

All the best ✨
