---
title: Task 14 ( 5nd NOV 2022 )
date: 2022-11-05 08:11:39
tags: Problem of the day week 2
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to the second week of POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Hey... where's my son? )

Here we go again!... Roxanne is all grown up now she is now married to an investment banker and has a son Aman. There's a fair in town and for old times sake she takes her son with her. Her son recently learnt searching algorithms, and is getting quite good at it. He was telling his mother all about it while coming to the fair. There he sees a gargoyle roller coaster, little did they know that these gargoyles prey on little children. Just as Aman gets on the ride a gargoyle swoops on him and carries him away. Roxanne is deperate to get her son back!. Gargoyles have one weak point they cannot see, they rely on their prey to get to places. But the gargoyle will kill him if he gives straight forward directions. So its based on her son's direction they will be flying. But Roxanne knows her son very well, he will be using the binary search algorithm to direct the gargoyle. Help Roxanne find her son using Binary search algorithm.

-Input Format

  -First line contains the size of the fair
  -Second line contains N-1 integer and 'A' denoting Aman's location

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/contests/problem-of-the-day-week-2

All the best ✨
