---
title: Task 3 ( 23rd OCT 2022 )
date: 2022-10-23 08:11:39
tags: Problem of the day
domain: CP
---

## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Prize Money )

You are given an array A of length N. An element X is said to be dominant if the frequency of X in A is strictly greater than the frequency of any other element in the A.
For example, if A = [2, 1, 4, 4, 4] then 4 is a dominant element since its frequency is higher than the frequency of any other element in A.
Find if there exists any dominant element in A.

  - Input Format:
    - The first line of input contains a single integer T — the number of test cases. Then the test cases follow.
    - The first line of each test case contains an integer N — the size of the array A.
    - The second line of each test case contains N space-separated integers A1,A2....AN denoting the array A.
  - Ouput Format:
    - For each test case, output YES if there exists any dominant element in A. Otherwise, output NO.

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/problem-of-the-day-cp

All the best ✨
