---
title: Task 4 ( 25th OCT 2022 )
date: 2022-10-25 08:11:39
tags: Problem of the day
domain: CP
---

## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Football Match )

You are given a score log of a football match between two teams. 
Every time when one of the teams scored a goal, the name of that team was written in the score log on a separate line.
At the end of the match, the team that scored strictly more goals than the other team wins the match. 
If both teams scored an equal number of goals, the match ends in a tie. Determine the name of the winning team or that the match ended in a tie.

  - Input Format:
    - The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
    - The first line of each test case contains a single integer n denoting the number of records in the score log (the total number of goals scored during the match).
    - Each of the following n lines contains a string s denoting the name of the team that scored a goal.
  - Ouput Format:
    - For each test case, print a single line containing one string — the name of the winning team or "Draw" (without quotes) in case of a tie.

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/problem-of-the-day-cp

All the best ✨
