---
title: Task 5 ( 26th OCT 2022 )
date: 2022-10-26 08:11:39
tags: Problem of the day
domain: CP
---

## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Robot Testing )

Chef has bought a new robot, which will be used for delivering dishes to his customers. He started testing the robot by letting it move on a line.
Initially, the robot is placed at the coordinate x=X. Then, it should execute a sequence of N commands, described by a string S with length N. 
Each character of this string is either 'L' or 'R', denoting that the robot should walk one step to the left (decreasing x by 1) or to the right (increasing x by 1), respectively.
How many distinct points are visited by the robot when it has executed all the commands? 
A point p is visited by the robot if p is an integer and the robot's position before or after executing some command is x=p.

  - Input Format:
    - The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
    - The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers N and X.
    - The second line contains a single string S with length N.
  - Ouput Format:
    - For each test case, print a single line containing one integer ― the number of points visited by the robot.
    
Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/problem-of-the-day-cp

All the best ✨
