---
title: Task 6 ( 27th OCT 2022 )
date: 2022-10-27 08:11:39
tags: Problem of the day
domain: CP
---

## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Lapindromes )

Lapindrome is defined as a string which when split in the middle, gives two halves having the same characters and same frequency of each character.
If there are odd number of characters in the string, we ignore the middle character and check for lapindrome. 

For example **gaga** is a lapindrome, since the two halves **ga** and **ga** have the same characters with same frequency. 
Also, **abccab**, **rotor** and **xyzxy** are a few examples of lapindromes. Note that **abbaab** is NOT a lapindrome.
The two halves contain the same characters but their frequencies do not match. Your task is simple. Given a string, you need to tell if it is a lapindrome.

  - Input Format:
   - First line of input contains a single integer T, the number of test cases.
   - Each test is a single line containing a string S composed of only lowercase English alphabet.
  - Ouput Format:
    - For each test case, output on a separate line: "YES" if the string is a lapindrome and "NO" if it is not.
    
Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/problem-of-the-day-cp

All the best ✨
